Assignment 08/24/2017

This assignment is to learn how to commit on gitkracken and getting familiar with gitkracken. 


I'm going to be adding what happens on the shows I watch on TV.


The first show I will be watching is "Divorce Court".
	
	-There is a couple that is wanting a divorce because the womans husband keeps making errors and blames him for everything.

	1. The Husband bought a house under his wife's credit and in the market crash of 2008 he lost the house and it badly effected her credit. 


	2. The judge thinks the wife is crazy and is always looking for mistakes that her husband makes. She didn't approve the divorce.


The next show I am watching is "Paternity Court".

	
1. This episode is about a young couple. The mother of the baby is claiming that her boyfriend is the father of her baby.
	

2. The boyfriend is convinced that his signature was forged on the paternity paper work. 
	

3. Other problems arise during the trial. The boyfriend has proof of his girlfriend cheating on her. The girlfriend denied it all. 


	4. The judge can't handle the couple blaming each other for every little thing. 
	

5. The judge will now reveal the paternity test.


	6. DNA report shows that the boyfriend is the father of the 5 month old baby.
	

7. Case closed.


The next show is "How I Met Your Mother". Ive watched this series multiple times. I love this show. 

Robin and Barney are engaged in this episode. 
	

1. Robin asked if Barney asked her father for permission to marry her. 
	

2. Barney says he never did. And Robin wants him to talk to her dad. But her dad is a very scary guy.

	
3. hahaha Robin's dad see's Barney and is shocked he is blonde. Robin's dad says, 'real men aren't blonde'. haha
	

4. Barney meets up with Robin and the gang telling the story. Barney and Ted are going back and fourth about whether to have 
a band or a DJ at their wedding. 
	

5. Robin's dad said permission was denied. And now they are holding off on the plans. 
	

6. The next day Barney met Robin's dad the next day at the same restaurant with his hair dyed black. He asks for permission again.
	

7. Robin meets up with Ted, Marshel, and Libby. Robin got a facebook friend request from her dad. They said not to accept it. 
She says he really isn't that bad. 

	
8. Robin finds out her dad got married without telling her and inviting her to his wedding. She told him that she and barney are already
 engaged and that he will not be invited to her wedding like he didn't invite her to his. 
	

9. Ted, booked a band that Robin wanted at her wedding so that they can hire him as the DJ. Lilly finds out that she it was him that 
booked it. Ted shows concern about Robin marrying Barney. 
	

10. A few flashbacks of Ted getting hurt in the past play were as equal pain as him finding out that Robin was engaged to Barney.
	

11. Robin meets her dad one more time. He apologizes that he didn't tell her about him getting married. He asked his wife for a divorce
s as the price for his daughter's love. She tells him she wants normal dad and give Barney permission to marry her. 

	
12. Ted is talking to his ex girlfriend asking if she knows of a band. His ex girlfriend's ex roommate has a band. She is the mother of his future children.
It is getting closer to the end of the season.
I didn't end up watching anythign else after that. I went to work and that was it

THE END